Update the example readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/how-to-bind-individual-chart-series-to-data-e116: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E116)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Chart for WinForms - Bind a Series to Data

This example shows how to bind an individual series to data at runtime.

![Resulting chart](Images/resulting-chart.png)

> Despite the fact that this example binds the series to a [DataTable](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.data.datatable?view=net-6.0), you can use the following properties to bind the series to any source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although this example binds the series to a [DataTable](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.data.datatable?view=net-6.0), you can use the following properties to bind the series to any source:
```
